Add top level goal explanation and clarify some point (#7)
robocorp/example-oauth-email: README.md

on tokens. And that's usually done through the OAuth2
[Authorization Code Grant](https://oauth.net/2/grant-types/authorization-code/) flow.

> <table><td>:memo: **Note**:
> This more complex authorization flow must be done once via an attended run, but once
> completed, your automation using the final vault objects will be able to send and
> receive emails unattendedly. We recommend you use this portal bot to complete the
> initial setup within your workspace.</td></table>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<table><td>:memo: Note:
This more complex authorization flow must be done once via an attended run, but once
completed, your automation using the final token from the Vault will be able to send and
receive e-mails unattendedly. We recommend you use this Portal robot to complete the
initial setup within your workspace.</td></table>
```

- The **Note** strong emphasis
- Small Vault reformulation

Since it was rendered like (no full Markdown support I believe):
<img width="870" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-15 at 10 56 26" src="https://github.com/robocorp/example-oauth-email/assets/709053/4523bfaf-5930-4d23-9eea-082414142316">

### Online Control Room Vault

> Create a secret called `email_oauth_[service]` (where you replace `[service]` with either

Reviewer: Good refactoring, thank you!

## Robot run

Run with **VSCode** or **rcc** the following tasks in order:

> 1. `Init Google` / `Microsoft OAuth`: Opens a browser window for you to authenticate and

Reviewer: This might create some confusion, as there's no individual `Init Google` or `Microsoft OAuth` task.

What about:
```suggestion
1. `Init Google OAuth` / `Init Microsoft OAuth`: Opens a browser window for you to authenticate and
```
?

And make sure you apply the same idiom in other places like [Tasks](https://github.com/robocorp/example-oauth-email/tree/update-readme-per-feedback#tasks) as well:
<img width="877" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-15 at 11 03 27" src="https://github.com/robocorp/example-oauth-email/assets/709053/49fa1da8-fa25-4e92-8e02-a395876374b3">

   - This step is required to be run once, requires human intervention (attended) and
     once you get your token generated, it will stay valid (by refreshing itself)
     indefinitely.

> 2. `Send Google` / `Microsoft Email`: Sends a test e-mail to yourself given the credentials

Reviewer: ☝🏼 Same as on the point above, with the `Init ...` keywords.
